[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and welcome to episode 4 of my
laptop setup a series where I featured
the laptop setups that you guys submit
and also showcase whatever it is that
you do with your gear and so this week's
episode is on music production and this
is something that I didn't realize was
as popular as it is with laptop users
but here we are there's some really cool
submissions I'm really happy to share
them with you
first up we have a submission from our
wick so he goes to a music school in
India for audio production and the heart
of his setup is the 17-inch Alienware
laptop this thing was really decked out
sky like i7 32 gigs of ram and gtx 980m
he uses a razer deathadder mouse and for
storage he's using a western digital my
passport drive he also has some other
accessories like a Sony SmartWatch 3 and
an eye peg a game controller and he
stores all of this in a razor utility
backpack for music production he uses a
scarlett 2i2 some condenser mics a MIDI
pad controller a pair of m50 X's and
these have the brainwaves padding
upgrade he also uses a 5/8 3 headphone
amp but if you're wondering what those
do they basically take an audio signal
and then they produce a clean more
powerful version of that signal for your
earphone so I've actually been
experimenting with a tube amp from whoo
audio it's called the wa7 you can kind
of see it back there they're pretty cool
so Eric submitted some links to his
music on soundcloud and he also included
a video of his music on YouTube
[Music]
there's links to his soundcloud and the
music video in the video description
below thank you very much for your
submission Eric the second laptop setup
today is from GC he's also a student in
a music school and he's part of a music
duo called sundial he's had some of his
tracks released by some bigger names
like trap nation and mr. suicide sheep
on YouTube for gear he's using a 15-inch
MacBook Pro a 12-point 9 inch iPad pro
with an ESR sleeve he's using a 1
terabyte CGI drive and an Apple Magic
Mouse now if I could make one suggestion
g-suit I know the Magic Mouse looks
really clean and it looks cool but there
are so many better wireless mouse out
there for example the Logitech MX
anywhere 2 I highly recommend taking a
look at other mice for music year he's
using a mic from sure and Emma do M
track and uses 2 headphones the AKG Q
701 and a pair of white m50 X's from
audio technica he's also a speed cuber
and uses the mo u a long version too so
he also submitted some music on
soundcloud and his music
you
you're interested links to his music
stuff is down below thank you for your
submission GC last up we have a laptop
setup from Jason and he does covers of
movie soundtracks so his gear includes
the MSI GSC Ghost Pro and an LG g4 and
when he's in a studio he plugs up to a
Dell monitor and uses a pair of Yamaha
HS seven speakers for audio gear he has
a couple audio interfaces the Steinberg
year 12 and a focusrite scarlett 18 I
ate the headphones he uses are the Audio
Technica m50 X's
everyone's got a pair of those in this
episode and then he uses a couple of
rode mics and a zoom recorder he also
has some nice video gear and you'll see
why in a little bit
he's got the a 6300 a Panasonic g7 and
some Sigma lenses so Jason does this
stuff where he records himself playing
one line of a song and he'll do it
multiple times and then he'll compile it
all together to create this
[Music]
if you guys are interested in seeing
more of Jason stuff check the video
description below there's links down
there also down there are instructions
on how to submit your own content if
you're interested now if you've seen
some of my videos are some of these
episodes and thought people do some
really cool stuff I'd have like a more
normal life I'm not a music producer I
don't do crazy stuff don't be
intimidated by that I just as long as
you're submitting whatever it is that
you do and you showcase your stuff
nicely that's the most important thing
you showcase and you take good photos
and you kind of tell me what it is that
you do there's a very good chance that
I'll use you in a future episode
I'll just theme it to whatever it is
that you do hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs have you liked it subs if
you loved it it's been nice see you guys
next time
you